Wellcome And this lesson I'm going to show you even more you can do with the dong.
So we saw earlier how we can output content and this lesson I'm going to show you how you can get content
that's input dynamically and then make use of it within your javascript.
So for this we need an input field.
So this is just a regular text input and we need to give it an ID.
And this is going to be our way to identify this input area.
And I going to give this one ID of VHDL so that we can use this as a value and get the user to actually
add some information within this value.
So that's it.
And now let's refresh the page and we can see that we've got this in Point area and we can type in content
in here.
So let's see how we can actually grab the contents of that input.
So you set up a variable and I'm going to call it a and let's do the document document and get element
by id and in this case we called it VHDL.
So let's grab it within that type of format so we can do a.
And we can see that this input has a value associated with it because we've typed something in there
and it's not showing up with in the input.
Looks like a log in the directory of a.
So we can take a closer look at what's actually contained within this object.
So we see that we've got
we've got inner text and inner H-2 now but it's still it's still there's no values in there because
we don't actually have any in our tax turn each to Mel for this particular type of element.
We can see that the node is an input so we can utilize that as well.
So if we want to find out if it's an input we can always type in a and we can see we can do node type
that that returns one and the other one was no name.
So let's take a look and we'll see what type of element that is.
So this is an input element.
So let's see what else is contained within here.
And we see that there's quite a bit of information so we see that we've got a client with we've got
our client height Let's scroll all the way down to the bottom and we see that this is the one that we
actually want to take a look at because we've got a value here called Tass and we can also see that
when we update it and we need to actually print that value again and again.
So let's just clear.
And let's do a value and we can see that now that value has updated.
So if we update it again if I do a value we can see that we've got the new content that's already in
there.
So this is how we can utilize it and we can now do it again.
We will see that we've got.
Hello world.
So just as we're selling the value we could also update the value as well.
So it's too updated.
You can see that using javascript.
I can actually update the contents of that input field.
So this is giving us a lot of power and a lot of things that we can do with our script.
So the challenge for this lesson is open up your or create two elements.
What should be a div and the other one input.
And with that with time in some tasks.
So just do hello world.
And what I want you to do with it in your script is to grab the contents of the div with the ID of output
and place the value into the input field.
So go ahead.
Pause the video and I'll show you the solution coming up anytime your editor for this one.
Open up your editor and try it.
I know you had the opportunity to give it a shot.
So let me show you the solution for this.
And just as previously there's a number of ways to do this.
You can do this all with one statement but I know use some variables and I think Rob that elements separately
using the variables and then I'm going to make the update from the content that's contained within the
variables.
So document that element by ID
so you get element by ID.
And now we need to specify our element so that one is output.
So we're going to place the output.
And now because we created one I can grab the other one and this one is going to be l.
So we just create the owl and it's got an idea of the how.
So now the next statement is the actual updating part of that.
So we know we've got Al and this one is value.
So we get equal to output and hinter.
So we just use interface to UML.
And now let's try this.
Refresh the page and we see that hello world is written up there and we've grabbed that element interface
to Mel and we've placed it within our four.
So the next lesson I am sure even more that we can do with the dorm and we're going to create some more
interaction using a user input the prompt and then putting that content that we're picking up and placing
it within our HMO code.
So that's coming up in the next lesson.